c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\musteri-takip.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\musteri-takip.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\musteri-takip.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.Form1.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.anamenu.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.urun_ekle.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.musteri_ekle.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vt.accdb
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.musteri_listesi.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.detay.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.gecmis.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.Designer.cs
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.xsc
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.xsd
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.xss
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.gecmis_detay.resources
C:\Users\Lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.sil.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.xsc
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.xsd
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.xss
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\vtDataSet1.Designer.cs
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\musteri-takip.exe.config
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\musteri-takip.exe
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\bin\Debug\musteri-takip.pdb
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.anamenu.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.detay.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.gecmis_detay.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.gecmis.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.musteri_ekle.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.musteri_listesi.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.sil.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri_takip.urun_ekle.resources
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.exe
C:\Users\Kullanıcı\Downloads\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip-otomasyonu-master\musteri-takip\musteri-takip\obj\Debug\musteri-takip.pdb
